Remove maxSnapshotCount config setting (#4063)
zeebe-io/zeebe: docs/src/operations/resource-planning.md

All Brokers in a partition use disk space to store:

- The event log for each partition they participate in. By default, this is a minimum of 512MB for each partition, incrementing in 512MB segments. The event log is truncated on a given broker when data has been processed and successfully exported by all loaded exporters.

> - One or more periodic snapshots of the running state (inflight data) of each partition (unbounded, based on in-flight work). The frequency of snapshots to retain is configurable. By default it is set to a snapshot [every 15 minutes](https://github.com/zeebe-io/zeebe/blob/cca5aeda4bd9d7e7e83f68d221bbf1a3e4d0f000/dist/src/main/config/zeebe.cfg.toml#L145).

Author: ```suggestion
- A snapshot of the running state (inflight data) of each partition (unbounded, based on in-flight work). The frequency of snapshots to retain is configurable. By default it is set to a snapshot [every 15 minutes](https://github.com/zeebe-io/zeebe/blob/cca5aeda4bd9d7e7e83f68d221bbf1a3e4d0f000/dist/src/main/config/zeebe.cfg.toml#L145).
```

> - One or more periodic snapshots of the running state (inflight data) of each partition (unbounded, based on in-flight work). The frequency of snapshots to retain is configurable. By default it is set to a snapshot [every 15 minutes](https://github.com/zeebe-io/zeebe/blob/cca5aeda4bd9d7e7e83f68d221bbf1a3e4d0f000/dist/src/main/config/zeebe.cfg.toml#L145).

Reviewer: yes

## Event Log

The event log for each partition is segmented. By default, the segment size is 512MB. This can be changed in the zeebe.cfg.toml file with the setting [logSegmentSize](https://github.com/zeebe-io/zeebe/blob/0.20.0/dist/src/main/config/zeebe.cfg.toml#L148).

An event log segment can be deleted once all the events it contains have been processed by exporters, replicated to other brokers, and processed. Three things can cause the event log to not be truncated:

- A cluster loses its quorum, in which case events are queued but not processed.
- An exporter does not advance its read position in the event log.
- There is no snapshot of it yet.

An event log segment is not deleted until all the events in it have been exported by all configured exporters. This means that exporters that rely on side-effects, perform intensive computation, or experience back pressure from external storage will cause disk usage to grow, as they delay the deletion of event log segments.

Exporting is only performed on the partition leader, but the followers of the partition do not delete segments in their replica of the partition until the leader marks all events in it as unneeded by exporters.

> No event log segments are deleted until a snapshot has been taken that includes that log segment. When a snapshot has been taken, the event log is truncated up to that point.

Reviewer: > No event log segments are deleted until a snapshot has been taken that includes that log segment

sounds a bit weird

Author: The original line reads to me as 'don't worry about your data being deleted too early'.  I've tried to capture that again. Perhaps it should just start like: 
```suggestion
We make sure that event log segments are not deleted too early. No event log segments are deleted until a snapshot has been taken that includes that segment. When a snapshot has been taken, the event log is only deleted up to that point.
```

Reviewer: > No event log segments are deleted until a snapshot has been taken that includes that segment

Maybe:

No event log segment is deleted until a snapshot has been taken that includes that segment.

Author: That's better. So like:
```suggestion
We make sure that event log segments are not deleted too early. No event log segment is deleted until a snapshot has been taken that includes that segment. When a snapshot has been taken, the event log is only deleted up to that point.
```

Reviewer: I think this is better thanks
